Now let's summarize this module.
In this module, we want to be sure we are doing the work right.
Remember, in the demand modules, we were ensuring we were doing the right work.
The role of operations.
Make it as easy as possible for your customers to maximize their productivity.
You exist to service your customers.
Operations work management process.
In my opinion you must have a ticketing process,
and that's the core in the way you are managing your work.
Design it, build it, get buy-in from your team and customers,
then use it and improve the process over time.
Why kanban?
Because it is just great.
It is an easy technique, highly visible,
simple to comprehend, yielding great results.
Sprint versus kanban.
In a nutshell with sprint,
deliverables are determined by sprints or set periods of time.
And with kanban, work is delivered continuously and in an as needed basis.
The importance of quality triage.
With quality triaging,
your developers and QA teams will appreciate complete bug tickets,
and the product owners will have a deeper understanding
about the health of their system.
Organizing operations.
So which is the best way to organize your team?
As I mentioned, there is no one right answer,
but I wanted you to be aware of the numerous approaches to
structuring your ops support organization.
Organizational dynamics.
Be vigilant and look for opportunities.
New hires may drive new possibilities.
Also,
rotate people through different roles and make customer
service an absolute requirement of your team.
In the next module we will build your project management processes. I'll see you there.